welcome to cinemas kitchen and today I
have very simple in a very easy recipe
of butter naan and I'm cooking this
without any thunder or oven so let's get
started for the naan we need all-purpose
flour salt to taste water to knead the
dough sugar oil yogurt and yeast
so here in a bowl I'm going to put two
and half cups of all-purpose flour add 1
TSP sugar 1/2 2 TSP oil and yeast we're
going to put it right into the floor
and salt to taste and quarter cup of
plain yogurt at room temperature make
sure it's at room temperature now I'm
going to knead the dough using the
KitchenAid stand mixer add a little
water at a time and also make sure the
water is a little bit lukewarm it will
help the dough rise faster we want to
make a soft dough on softer than normal
ciabatta Atta
now take the dough out in a separate
bowl and let it rise leave it for 30 to
40 minutes in a warm place so after 30
minutes you can see the dough is almost
double in the size and now we are ready
to prepare the nun so grease your palms
with a little bit of oil to prevent the
dough from sticking and take a desired
amount depending on how big or small you
want the naan to be and now dip it in a
loose flour and we are going to roll it
with the help of rolling pin
sprinkle some loose flour if it's
sticking
now heat a pan or griddle and we are
going to put the nan on the griddle and
keep it on a medium heat cover it and
let it cook for about two to three
minutes
now as you can see it's it has a lot of
bubbles so it is puffing up just fine
now the one side is done for the other
side I'm just going to flip it over the
flame directly the keeping it a little
bit above the flame so it doesn't burn
but pops up right so keep flipping it
over until it's nicely done
so the naan is ready now top it off with
the butter if you want to make a garlic
naan just spread a garlic paste and
sprinkle some fresh coriander but for my
butter naan I'm just going to sprinkle
some kasoori methi for extra flavor and
here the naan is ready enjoy it with
your favourite curry
thank you for watching